Support for server-side OpenAI function calling (#311)
vercel-labs/ai: docs/pages/docs/guides/functions.mdx

          description:
            'The temperature unit to use. Infer this from the users location.'
        }
      },
      required: ['location', 'format']
    }
  }
]

// And use it like this:
export async function POST(req: Request) {
  const { messages } = await req.json()

  const response = await openai.createChatCompletion({
    model: 'gpt-3.5-turbo-0613',
    stream: true,
    messages,
    functions
  })

  const stream = OpenAIStream(response)
  return new StreamingTextResponse(stream)
}
```

You can then choose how you want to handle each function call: on the server or on the client.

## Handling Function Calls on the Server

On the server, you can pass an `experimental_onFunctionCall` callback to the `OpenAIStream`, which will be called when the model calls a function.
In order to support recursively calling functions and to keep the message context in the function calls, you can use `createFunctionCallMessages` to construct the relevant "assistant" and "function" messages for you.

```ts {2,3,4,15}
const stream = OpenAIStream(response, {
  experimental_onFunctionCall: async (
    { name, arguments: args },
    createFunctionCallMessages
  ) => {

>     // if you do nothing with the function call, it's passed to the client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // if you skip the function call and return nothing, the `function_call`
    // message will be sent to the client for it to handle
```
